How do you want us to obey you?
Ha ha.
Don't you sell skewers?
Why is it so good to reach out?
Isn't there a god-lord's practice method Yan Bobu here?
You mean you learned the Smoke Department in a short time?
I have to.
You're learning fast, aren't you?
I see in the information
There is a technique of three people practicing together
Can heal quickly in a short time
Or improve your skills
Otherwise, the three of us
Ah!
You oops
Now don't get me wrong.
I just wanted to be more like it.
Then I don't know martial arts
If it's exposed by then, that's right
Three days later, at the return feast of the Lord God
Sengoku God General Xueding and others will inevitably appear
If they find out that you are a fake god
The entire temple will be destroyed
This return banquet
And the Bai family of the four major families
That is to say
You can't show any flaws in front of Miss Bai
fiancee
Time is running out
We only have three days left.
I can only understand in the way he said
That's how you practice
Beware of me assassin
Five elements thunder long
You can actually use the Lord God's cultivation method
So powerful now
Why are you staring at me?
How did you manage it?
The Master of God's Cultivation Technique
So far, no second person has been able to understand
I don't know either.
They are the people of the Warring States God General Xu Ding
Sure enough, it was Xu Ding
Is this Xu Ding very powerful?
Sengoku God General
The first general under the Lord of God
Under one man above ten thousand
What a coincidence, if you regret it now, it's not too late
Now that I have made my choice
Even if there is a sea of swords and fire ahead
I won't return it either.